now what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna read
a line to you from an opera I want you
to give you that line back in the
language in which the Opera was
originally written and for a bonus 250
you can say it I'm just an inspector
there is the story of a boy genius
commas kid
Jamba peaceful clam one year and the
game show host Jimmy Gator hi from
Burbank California first question for 25
this French playwright and actor joined
the page are Drupa vector and the X boy
genius wizkid Donnie Smith I used to be
smart now I'm just stupid there's the
story of the dying man
hi Meryl partridge have a son you know
you do uh find him I'm Frank TJ Mac his
lost son What did he say because I am
NOT gonna take care of him what does he
want a dying man's wife I'm into
practice I took care of him through this
Alan what now then me and him do you
understand there's no one else no one
help the caretaker hello I'm Phil Parma
see this is the scene of the movie where
you help me out and there's the story of
a mother and rose Gators you come home
soon after the show I love you and the
daughter I'm Claudia Wilson Gator
now that I met you would you object to
never seeing me again
and the police officer in lava I'm
officer Jim Curran my life is very
stressful and I have to have a
relationship that is very calm and
undemanding and loving so if you are
this person please leave me a message in
box number 8 - and this will all make
sense in the end
get it shorter I can't
to set the scene
this is not an easy job I have to take
everything and play as a blaze
sometimes people need a little help
sometimes people need to be forgiven
and that is very tricky thing in my part
making that call
you can forgive someone
that's the tough part
what can we forgive
was an unclean kind God
you